Welcome back to the ChallengeFunnel
3-day virtual event series. In this one,
we're going to be going through the
sales page best practices. I want to be
fair, we're also going to pepper into
this video the webinar promotion
strategy to a virtual event because you
can do both long form sales pages and
you could do a webinar promotion
strategy. And technically, you can get
away with doing both. Just depends on
your type of buying demographic and
which one might make the most sense for
you. In this video, we're going to go
through step by step what specifically
each page should have on it. what
subsequent steps including order form
pages, upsell pages, confirmation steps,
even callunnel steps should be included
within this process that you are about
to endure. If you're new to the channel,
all we do around here is talk about
hitting million-doll months or tacking
on that next million a month. We don't
make any income claims, though. We have
no idea who the [__] you are and whether
you have any probability to go out there
and make income. We don't know if you
can flip 5K into 5K. So, long story
short, we're not implying you're going
to go out there and hit million- dollar
months or make any money for that matter
because again, we have no idea who you
are. There's no earning potential
watching this. I'm just putting you on
game. If you're already a subscriber,
per usual, it's a pleasure to have you
here. I got another banger for you.
Without further ado, let's dive in. So,
the sales pages, right? There's two
things for this. You got the long form
sales page and then you have the webinar
promotion strategy. And both of these
can technically work. Sometimes one
works better than the other. Sometimes
they're neck and neck and other times it
doesn't even make sense to do one or the
other. And we're going to go through
what these pages should look like if you
choose to endure either one. Let's start
with long form sales pages. So, as
described in terms of the funnel flow,
let's go through that first. It starts
off with a sales page. And again, we'll
go through what should be on the actual
page in terms of sections here shortly.
Sometimes you got the actual two-step
order form. Sometimes you just have
buttons that click over to the actual
order form page. And usually what you do
from there is you have the actual order
form itself. In some instances,
depending on what you've got, you can do
a little bumpell on the order page, too.
And again, we'll talk about that here
shortly. From there, you have in most
instances two one-time offers. And
you'll typically have two upsells.
Simply put, you'll have OTO1 and you'll
have OTO2. And then generally from
there, most people [__] this up by
either just having a sales page and
order form and then going to a
confirmation page. But the pros, they'll
have those order forms with the bump
cells. They'll have the two, not one but
two, sometimes even more than that,
one-click upsells. And then from there,
they'll have a confirmation page slash
callfunnel. And right here, they'll
embed their VSSL and their actual
application and scheduleuler. Now, this
specific flow, the reason you do this is
you're typically trying to maximize your
average order value. if you're trying to
get as many people as you possibly can
to buy your upsells and to obviously buy
the VIP package rather than the general
ticket. And in addition to that, even go
as far as booking a call to buy the main
thing you're going to try to sell them
in the virtual event prior to the
virtual event even starting. This is the
pro strategy to the long form sales page
approach. Okay. Now, just to be clear,
when it comes to the actual pages, okay,
there's typically a few things that you
want to make sure that you have, and
we'll go through those here together.
Long form sales pages aren't anything
new. If you've been in the internet
marketing space for a long time now,
you're likely already going to fully
understand and be more than capable and
aware of all of what should be on this
page. But regardless, we'll go through
it here together. So, typically, it
starts off with a headline. The headline
at the top typically is followed by a
sub headline. These are typically claim.
Okay, this is typically and not an
income claim. Need I say for all you
non-compliant [__] watching this
thinking you're going to get away with
that. You don't want to put some kind of
blatant head headline here that's going
to be an income claim. You want to try
to steer clear of income claims in
general. It's a great best practice.
Ideally, what you put here is some type
of outcome that somebody wants, okay? Or
the theme of whatever the whole topic is
of the actual event itself. Now,
contrary to popular belief, you don't
just immediately throw some kind of big
VSSL right here. You can, but it's not a
VSSL application funnel, and that's not
really the focal point that we want
people to have. Typically, what you do
straight away, kind of like a
old-fashioned book funnel, is you can
have a two-step order form right here,
where you literally have step one and
step two embedded right here at the very
top of the page. Okay? And then this
bottom section here, this is where you
can have that little check box for
whatever the bump cell is going to be.
So, you can do it this way. Okay? Okay.
In addition to that, you can choose a
little different approach depending on
what you want to do here. So, usually we
have a little character photo over here.
It's just kind of like a supporting
photo. And then over here on this side,
we generally have a little more text. We
have some paragraph text that's below it
or bullet point style text. And then
usually we have a CTA button. This is
generally how it starts. All the better,
by the way, if you can get one of those
photos that shows a bunch of people on
Zoom in a grid in the background. those
Zoom photos, especially when it's a
virtual event. If you've got something
with you in front of a big screen, makes
you look all the better in terms of
being a super professional at virtual
events. If you don't, just keep in mind,
you live in a day and age where you can
just Photoshop [__] And that's a good
pro tip for the style of this specific
image. Helps a lot with the promotion
strategy of this whole thing, just to
immediately set the tone for what level
you're operating at here. So anyway,
once you get that handled, whether you
put the two-step order form right there
or whether you follow more of this flow,
typically what you do from there is you
progress down the page is you have a
little section that outlines the
pricing. Now, the pricing can have two
things, okay? It can have the actual
pricing boxes and it can also have a
timer. There's typically, if you've
watched in this series that we've had so
far on virtual events and challenge
funnels, a strategy when it comes to the
promotion cycle of this whole thing. And
if you haven't watched that video, go
check it out after this. But with the
promotion cycle, usually you have the
early bird and then you have extended
early bird. Sometimes in there you also
have a little bit of a holiday sale.
Then you usually have your regular
pricing for like one week leading up to
it. And then you have lastm minute the
FOMO pricing which is essentially the
get [__] price. Okay? It's a lot
higher than the rest because you want to
punish those people for buying late. Now
with this typically what you do is let's
use the example you're in the early bird
phase. You'll have these here like
grayed out. You know how something on
the internet can look fully colored, pop
a little bit, little drop shadow around
this tile here, and the other three
subsequent tiles that represent what the
pricing is going to be and when it's
going to be that price. They're grayed
out. That way, the person who's sitting
there reading it can easily understand
that those aren't real yet. Just to be
clear, by the way, super pro tip, this
can be a clickable button if you want it
to be that leads them over to that
two-step order form page or the order
form page entirely. Now obviously once
you get done with whatever step you were
previously at that box then becomes
grayed out and the next little tile
becomes the one that is real clickable
and what represents. Now typically when
you have that pricing box there and
again you lay out the timer. Okay, the
timer allows them to see like how much
time is left not until the challenge
starts but until the pricing ends for
that specific current price point. Okay,
huge pro tip because if you do the timer
for the actual challenge, that's
typically the farthest, longest timer
that you can put onto the page and it
doesn't add as much scarcity or fear of
missing out. It doesn't really drive as
much action comparatively. So, keep that
in mind. Now, after that, you typically
go through the outcome section, okay?
And the outcomes are usually visualized
a little differently depending on how
you do it. Like, some people have images
and some text and they lay it out like
this. Um, some people just lay out like
more of I don't know, really depends on
your style of design, I guess, at this
point. But long story short, you
essentially have like the outcomes and
then you have what's called the agenda
section. Okay? So, if you follow our
approach with how we typically encourage
you to do these things, you're going to
have three full days of content that you
are going to promote. Now, on those
days, you typically have bullet points
and then what comes with it. Okay? And
these really important you understand
this like this is where you're promoting
what is talked about and when. These
titles, okay, these matter a lot. So
these titles should all be outcomebased
as well. They should all be like, okay,
we're covering this and like this is
what specifically the outcome is of us
covering that thing. Okay? So therefore,
you don't want to cover like all the
technical rigar [__] you're going to be
talking about. You just want to talk
about the outcome. This section we're
getting you this outcome. This section
we're helping you with this outcome.
this section we're helping you with this
outcome blah blah blah you get what I
mean so again the agenda section very
important very critical section usually
from there depending on how you actually
execute your challenge some of you are
going to have other speakers okay and
you're going to have other talking heads
and so from there this is where you
typically introduce the other people
that are going to be talking amongst
with you and you want to obviously build
some credibility for these people so you
have their headsh shot you have their
bio and need I not say the most obvious
thing which is obviously you want to
have speakers that people likely know
and if they have no idea who the [__]
they are or whether they do know who the
[__] they are justify the bio not as
some random [__] that the person sends
to you to put there. Okay, don't be
lazy. You want to put the bio as what
specifically that person is going to
teach and talk about as it relates to
the challenge funnel or virtual event
topic. Okay. So many times when we help
clients or we consult with people on
launching these funnel strategies, they
just ask the person, "Hey, send us over
a bio, send us over a headsh shot." And
they just [__] roll with that and
they put it here. You don't want to do
that. Okay? You don't want to do that.
Now, typically once you go through the
speakers, you'll typically have another,
we just call it like a generic CTA box.
This generic CTA box typically has like
a block of text with it that's like
either just a big headline and a button.
Okay? And this is usually just another
call to action like, "Hey, you know,
take action. Hey, it's time." Just to be
extremely clear, every single section
that I've sat here and talked about so
far has buying buttons paired with it.
This generic CTA box is more so a
literal headline and a CTA button just a
little further down the page. Now, from
here, again, you usually reiterate some
kind of what's called a pricing table.
And so, the pricing table, this is
typically where you showcase like what
comes with the actual ticket. Okay. Now,
for this section in particular, when you
look at it, you typically have two main
boxes here, okay? You have the general
admission ticket, and then you have the
VIP ticket. Okay? Now, these two prices
depending on whatever you're charging at
a given time. You're showcasing like
this is what comes with general. This is
what comes with VIP. You know, this is
the extra [__] that comes with VIP. This
is why you'd want to buy it. Bam. You
lay those out there and you be technical
with people about what comes with it.
Now, just to be clear, from there,
you're going to reiterate the same
thing. You're going to do that generic
uh what do we call it? If I could spell
generic CTA box again, headline button.
This is by the way best to do with
objections. Okay, so when you start to
get into this bottom section of the
page, you want to start working in
objection handling in a different way
because you got to think about it like
this. If the person's still not sold by
the time they reach here, there's
probably some very specific [__] that we
haven't spoken to them about yet that
we're going to want to cover. These
could be simple things like do they get
access to the recordings or not, right?
And there's a lot of different things
that we could technically add as entire
sections. If you feel the need to do
that, do that. If not, and how most
people will end their page is with an
FAQ section. Now, that FAQ section is
usually just a big old list of a
question and an answer, right? And when
you click on these little boxes, they're
like drop-down boxes. So, it's like just
a list of questions. And when they click
on it, it expands a little bit and it
shows them an answer there. You
typically end the page with a final CTA
section. And again, this is usually just
another headline with a button. And
that's it. Usually, that's the flow and
the look of these long form pages. Okay?
That's generally how you're going to
outline these whole things. And you're
typically going to have a good time.
Now, once you get to the point where you
go and get this finished, you obviously
have a few other pages that you
subsequently need to build out. You got
to build an order form page. Okay. The
order form pages can be a little
simpler, too. They typically just have
either a two-step order form, like step
one, fill out your personal information.
Step two, give us the additional
information that we need like credit
card information, sometimes address
stuff. The fewer fields, the better off
you are. Name, email, phone on step one.
And then whatever you need to actually
collect the credit card information on
step two on order form page. Okay, you
want to have an order bump. By the way,
I just want to point out if you're
wondering,
>> hey Jeremy, why don't you just showcase
an actual challenge page that we can
model from from one of these clients
that you have.
>> I only do that for people who pay me,
okay? You're here on on YouTube for
free, you know. Anyway, long story
short, the order form pages themselves,
two-step order form, little order bump
on it, some good old trust badges on
that order form page, typically you have
something that maybe testimonials as an
example. If you've done these a few
times, or just testimonials attesting to
you as the speaker, that's what you want
to put onto that order form page, too.
Anything that simply put just helps
people say, "I'm in." You also, super
[__] pro tip here, okay? Can't even
believe I'm giving you this one for free
on YouTube. If you have setters that can
man the chat function, throw one of
those little chat bubbles in the bottom
right corner of either the sales page or
andor the order form page, but 100% the
order form page. Have a support email
there. Have a support phone number there
and have the damn chat bubble on the
order form page. You would be impressed
to know the amount of people that wanted
to buy that didn't buy because they had
some kind of tech issue on your page or
maybe they had one very specific
question that your setter could have
sold somebody into. Okay. Now, just to
be clear, another thing that I can't
believe I'm giving you for free here on
YouTube, incentivizing the setters to
actually do that. You can pay them like
tens of dollars to actually just say,
"Hey, I sold a ticket." Right?
Essentially, whatever your cost per
purchase is, you just double it and pay
that to the setter, too, cuz that person
probably wouldn't have bought if it
wasn't for the setter converting them.
Or you can give a very small percentage
of a pool. Okay? Let's say out of the
total amount of revenue that comes from
ticket sales, you give a very small pool
to the setters per day that man those
chats. Okay, something to consider. So
anyway, on your upsell pages, your OTO1,
your OTO2, those one-click offers, all
you got to do, really simple to
understand this one. Typically, it's a
headline, a VSSL, some supporting text,
another button, and then a little tiny
link below that that says something
like, "No thanks, I don't want this."
your VSSL that's on the Otto page. Those
upsell pages, that's typically what
matters the most. They should be super
simple, like, "Hey, congratulations. You
just bought that thing. Really excited
to help you out. I've got this that can
complement it. Let me explain how it
compliments it. If you're interested,
press the button below. It only costs
this much. Really excited to help you
out. Talk soon." So, you're
complimenting and saying out loud, "Hey,
you just successfully made that
purchase. Thank you so much. Check out
this. Maybe it makes sense." And if you
pick the right thing, like we talked
about inside of my KPIs and expectations
video in this series, you're going to
have a good time and you're going to
have a high take rate. Okay? It's the
same thing on the second Otto page. Now,
the one step in this whole funnel that I
want to make really clear to you is the
very last step, which is the
confirmation step that can also act as a
call funnel. Okay? Top of the page has
very strong text that just says,
"Congratulations, you've officially
secured your ticket. Check out this
video below for further instruction."
you filled a custom video there that's
like, "Hey, thank you so much. You're
officially in." Whether you got any of
that other stuff that we presented to
you or not, those were all one-time
offers. So, hopefully you got them. If
you didn't, sorry. Um, if you did get
them, you know, here's how you access
all your stuff. You know, it's kind of
like a here's how you get access to all
this in the expectations video. What you
want to do in addition to that is treat
this page as an opportunity right below
that section to post the receipt. And
then right below that, you pretty much
just copy and paste your VSSL that you
have in your standard call funnel.
Headline VSSL application. The
application ideally is embedded with
auler. Once they schedule their call,
take them to a standard call
confirmation step following the best
practices that we lay out for you in our
call confirmation pages. We want you to
make sure you have things like urgency
videos, breakout videos, testimonials,
videos that demonstrate how [__] they
could get if the deal goes wrong and all
those things. Check out the rest of my
videos on my channel when it comes to
confirmation page best practices and my
back-end selling systems for tips
specifically on that. But again, I can't
stress it enough. You can get calls
immediately from the people who buy the
challenge and you can rapidly ascend
them before the actual virtual event
starts to get some people to buy the
main thing that you're going to pitch in
the challenge in the first place. This
specific flow, when you combine it with
some of the expectations that I've
talked about in the KPI expectations
video in this whole series, you're going
to have a good time. you can typically
be very profitable going in and working
with a flow like this on a page.
Obviously, if your page conversion rates
are sucking booty, you want to make sure
that you run some CRO tests, okay?
Conversion rate optimization is your
best friend and being willing to split
test these things to drive down your
overall cost per purchase and drive up
your overall conversion rate on these
pages. Okay, so if you follow the best
practices of long form sales pages,
you're typically going to have a good
time. The other very important thing to
consider is the webinar strategy. So if
you choose to do the webinar strategy,
it's a very different approach. Okay, so
the webinar promotion strategy for an
actual like virtual event and challenge
funnel I think personally is like super
silly. But I will be very fair and
saying I don't want to be right. I just
want to make money. It's a golden rule
that I follow. And I have seen different
businesses that we've worked with in the
inner circle specifically that we have
that have failed to convert people
through long form sales pages and
they've only converted people through
webinars. And in that approach, you
typically have a drastically higher cost
per purchase because there's many more
steps of friction in the process. You
don't just have to be a major personal
brand or a major brand to pull off a
successful, profitable cost per purchase
on a long form sales page. You have to
have a dialedin sales page. Now, the
specific instances that I'm thinking of
inside my Jeremy's Inner Circle offer
for these members that only got webinar
promotion to work for them, they come
into the inner circle and they tell me
they have these like shitty agencies
that don't really do that good that to
be fair to them encourage the webinar
promotion strategy over the long form
sales page strategy. And so, they've
likely just gotten better at that
comparatively to strengthening their
skill sets with long form sales pages.
So anyway, I think it has more so an
indication of who they've chosen to work
with is the point I'm trying to
emphasize with that. More so than like
it wouldn't work for anybody and only
one or the other sometimes works. But
regardless, now obviously on the webinar
page, your KPI is going to be your
opt-in rate, and that's something that's
very important to consider. It's a huge
point of friction within that process.
The lower it is, the higher cost per
opt-in. You then have your show rate
that you have to consider to the actual
webinar. You then have the actual
webinar itself that occurs. And here you
have your overall conversion rate. And
typically, and believe it or not, you
typically have the same exact steps from
here. So, you take people over to an
order form page. Usually in the webinar
itself, one of the big value components
of doing it through a webinar rather
than to a long form sales page is you're
going to get a higher take rate for VIP
because you're sitting there and you're
selling to people in real time on a
webinar. So, you can justify the VIP a
little more than you would through a
long form sales page. So typically a
benefit of the webinar promotion
strategy, you get a higher quantity of
people to do VIP. You can still do the
same thing here and you can have a
little bump sale. Again, you can
typically do the same exact thing and
you can have your one-click offers and
even better than that, you can actually
tell people about those offers. And even
better than that, again, you can follow
every subsequent step that follows with
the callfunnel steps with the
confirmation page factored in. So, all
this leads you to most instances a
higher quantity of VIPs, a higher cost
per purchase, but for some people, it's
the really only way to actually get
their challenge funnel tickets to sell.
Most of the time, it's when you have a
really shitty long form sales page, a
really shitty team that you've hired
that's just doing a terrible job at CRO
actions and like building good sales
pages. But hey, whatever. You got what
you got, you know? So whichever one you
choose to go with, this is typically the
best approach to the actual sales page
strategy, whether it's the long form
page or the actual webinar page when it
comes to the best practices of both.
Execute these successfully. You're going
to have a good time. And of course, if
you want to have actual examples of
this, you're going to want to get access
to my challenge SOP and all of our
consulting that we do inside of programs
like my Jeremy's inner circle offer. We
also give out the SOP and talk
extensively about challenge funnels
inside of week one of our master
internet marketing class. Both of which
there's links for down below. At the
very least, whether you are here and
just trying to consume value for free,
go check out the other videos in this
specific series on these 3-day virtual
events, challenge funnels, and all the
other videos on my channel. Go out there
and get rich.